hi guys today I'm going to be doing and
Jim shot hole and trying up the new
releases I'm literally so excited I had
never run so fast
damn started out when I my parcel
arrived
Jim shot captures brought out a new
vital seamless collection effects
collection and an energy seamless
collection so I had to try them right
away when they were released
I ordered the steel gray vital seen this
set and which I just had to have my
hands on it like Navy dark colors is
like lip shape my color and I thought
they were just gonna start so quick so I
was I think I was driving back from the
gym and I had to pull over and order
them straight away so I'm gonna start
with these now these have been washed
once and they look like tits um kids
leggings and a top so yeah this is the
teal blue guys which is just gorgeous
I wore to the gym and in love felt
amazing in it and had a really good
workout and it was really impressed
everything that I've ordered I have
ordered in an extra small not previously
image in chart collections I have always
gone for an extra small because I think
the size is generally quite big however
in this vital serious collection I think
they are quite true to size and they fit
really nice and well unlike I haven't
tried these on
afterthe I've washed this set them so
I'll let you know but when I first put
it on no quite snug but I do think would
have even quite stiff until maybe down
down a size because I'm usually small
it's more like size 8 so I'll try the
restaurant and let you know how god I
also got this by taut seamless
sports bra I've got on is nice haven't
actually wanted to the gym yet but I
will give that a review when I stand up
over the bow yet I'm gonna open my other
package so I ordered this yesterday and
it came next day which so happy bright
it was really speedy delivery
my first one well this only care took
about two days but yeah this is perfect
time they've haven't actually
altogether I've spent 262 pounds 30 feet
on all this which is really priority I
do think gym chart quality like is
absolutely amazing it's so flattering in
every way it's like Jim shark Felice and
my protein are probably my three
favorite Jim white active web brands I
haven't really found that many others
that sort of match for the quality I do
get a lot of stuff but the retailers
like H&M and online but I think quality
wise you just can't compare so sometimes
I do you think it is worth spending a
little bit more however I don't think
I'll be keeping all this I'll probably
send some stuff back but I know if your
fun fact I'll probably try this on and
end up falling in love generally I
literally live in all right wait I'll
show everything I bought just in here
and then I'll try it on this if the
vitals seem less dusty pink leggings in
extra small like I said again everything
is in size extra small really nice see
the same size these are washed and worn
once oh yeah they're literally exactly
the same so these have been washed and
Mormont's and the shape is exactly the
same so yeah that isn't fooling and
there's just so much detailing like on
the legs this looks like there's some a
little bit of bum contouring just so
pretty like they're kind of plain like
staple pieces but the detail really
makes that difference that also got the
vice Athena's long-sleeve crop with the
long sleeves which I'm obsessed with I
just think that looks so nice and Jean
right in the winter months especially
with those gals bulking and stretch like
not lit not loneliness or mode so I
quite like stuff that's really
comfortable so it gives you that
coverage is so now I know what that look
like sometimes I get on really well pink
and other times not so much even though
this I definitely see dark colors more
but I do love pink I don't know why
these just look so tiny like were you
hold them up and I've got the vital
seamless long-sleeve prop in black kamar
I said I literally I bought that first
set and just fell in love with the fear
and just the material amazing I really
love this moment and tried it on so soft
comfortable car trouble City the same
style in like three different colors
basically and then the vital singer
swinging in black Kamala this is a
really nice backe color it's almost like
I got like a navy pink to it which it's
not like a you know a flat color yeah
compared to the energy I do I think I
definitely prefer this kind of specky
color opposed to that it's just kind of
softer and this is these are all such
that essential pieces that you can just
pirate you can probably wear all of
these to get you know mix and match so I
need convenient water of literally all
yeah and then next I've got the Flex
leggings in light grandma'll indigo gone
for a bit of gray haven't actually tried
this and it's style in a while so you
know did low blood no this will be
interesting on they can sometimes I
don't find these that flattering on the
boom so I'm intrigued and they're
completely different I definitely am so
such a senior to kind of go out but I
like the color
there's a definite there's more bun
contouring on these and I quite like how
it goes that for the back in you know
dips down at the front again extra small
and then I've got instead of I was gonna
get another long sleeve but I did find
sometimes in the gym when you are
wearing the long sweet I get so hot but
what do you like with Jim shark and my
person use the long he took our cut
quite a bit we wolf and then I've got
the black sports bra light gray Melinda
boat in thoughts broad crop top what are
you going to call it this looks really
nice you really like them they're lovely
but I'm they're just a little bit too
high Rose like I just if they were just
slightly down there I think just same
kind of thing very sort of conventional
like I think think it had a bit more
style into a style who doesn't care like
I can see there is some like the
contouring under here which is nice but
I should get a nicer a bit lower and not
quite as just if it's abstract be kind
of stuff in this style and also there's
not much I thought like you've just got
them standard and these kind of things
in a
pound hitch mm sports for us so yeah I'm
not sure if I fear these because these
come out in the wash I was find these
other things quite an option it's such a
pain like having the back in and
everything like that so I do think that
is at one negative about do shock and I
do think you can get you know funky ones
feel money and more supportive ones feel
the need elsewhere but the leg and she
just kind of cry wrong so without
further ado I'm going to trial this on
and stop babbling on and see how we get
on that rhymed oh my god sorry I am
starting with the vital seamless in the
dusky pink Mar and then I paired that
with the vital seamless levers in black
ma I thought this was just quite like a
country pair so this bit like I said
earlier it's like scoop neck but I just
wishes that bit lower but I do really
like that the back so quite conventional
back but really come with it and I don't
know no it is the very supportive to be
firm I have quite small boost so that
would be problem and then these are so
nice I love how they come in at the
waist here they've got some detail down
beside if you can see here and also I
love how on the dude on these singleness
leggings they give you there's a bit of
a pulley pulling pulling anything on
your thigh so I have definitely got I
carry quite a lot of fat in between my
legs not by carrying quite a bit of fat
here and it kind of pulls you in which
is really flattering and nice and
they're not as high-waisted as some of
the others you know right you have to
sort of rolls around there and I am 5
foot 6 and a half so yeah these are
really really flattering and I love the
details on these like this is such a
staple piece to add to Roger especially
in this back road usually
anything and you could even wear these
just day-to-day like this casual wear
these leggings just so nice
I just love at the specky color as well
this top just so nice and makes it that
bit different to other brands so yeah
anything it yeah I would say do you get
that bit of a camel toe Gladwell walnuts
pay on these and that sees feed us all
pre
yeah yeah these are definitely squat
proof and really really flattering so I
think I should keep these for sure okay
next up is this amazing little cord
curled matching black ma by sitting this
long sleeve which is just so amazing I'm
a little obsessed lit shoots so
flattering and likes it's okay it's not
like a solid black collie no it's more
like oh it's got like specks amazing
there it's just so gorgeous and fits
really nice so I'll pull pulled you in
in the right places and definitely
emphasizes your shoulders that bit more
as well as the waist and there's some
really nice underboob detailing just
kind of squish you in and I have got a
sports bra underneath this but it does
still feel really breathable again this
is research another staple piece I
literally live in all black I think it's
so flattering and you've got the thumb
holes and these are a liberal height I'm
not usually a fan of these but you know
it's not ideal
oh my god disarm Iraq at the detail
needs it just really makes that
difference and sort of super chic
there's like detail on that arm on just
amazing material okay definitely
you're paying for know that quality that
a caesarian me I love this band run here
super comfortable
so this is an absolute yet the next is
the flex light gray of mile indigo SAP
now this is really nice
I love it the idea of it actually it's
so cool this kind of comes so it dips
down here and comes up on your way so
it's really flattering on back on your
curves
however it's you're sorry to us I have
fairly like narrow hips so I struggle
with you want a permanent quite a few
things because their shape this kind of
the bum bit here kind of rides up onto
your booty I don't know if it's supposed
to be below but it is lovely and the
sport of sprite is also I really like
the color that she I just don't know if
it's a bit light on me I can't decide
but I love the contouring however this
does seem a Pisces here I've got some
black clip phone underwear on this quite
thin so I try you can see see-through
that the camel toes but yeah you can see
through the back
so we'll check it's got proof but you
can definitely see underwear here so I
think also it feels like a slightly
thinner material then the Vice ICU nurse
Masons tried to get in the drawer left
locked it
you could leave in about four a Mason
was creeping about by the door oh hi
guys do some squats on me it's what
makes the grass nice delivered right
here
Mason rates that rate this one good bass
in half ain't no feeling senior Don's
nice is kind of joined in Mahal now this
so I'm just getting changed and look at
this this is the first thing we get from
primark likely got your sports bra it's
all these mover the this is the vital
scene right don't ask you think more
power range eager and I'm not quite sure
I don't know whether it's because the
coordinate suit me or if it's because
I'm not used to this color I'm just a
bit shook right now I kind of feel like
a superhero
yeah maybe he'll grow me on my leaders
because it's quite high neck but the fit
is a real actually flawless and folder
so that you can't afford a thing no it
comes her or it does come on quite tight
the reason why I think in our stuff in
some of their doom shop so if you get
concise because it calls you in here but
I really like that it so I can giving
you a bit of a more of a thigh gaps it
sucks you in in the right places which
is nice and flats room really
comfortable
I love the waistband mmm really sooner
to drop rain seeing the slogans so
comfortable
and I don't think this will stretchable
yeah there is also it some like boot
contouring and it's just an amazing fit
I love how you continue to hear and it
is not transferring or glitch you can't
see through I've just been checking
really three this one doesn't look come
only when you bend up right right down
and you can see if you're under eye
sight it's like they're only when you
bend a certain angle otherwise it is
really a really nice fit super
flattering okay now I put the blue steel
mark by sourcing this leggings on with
the t-shirt top t-shirt t-shirt or bra
which looks so nice these are literally
my absolute favorite like my favorite
color ever exactly
these are definitely my favorite jean
leggings today actually obsessed I think
I'm gonna live in these will show you
the long sleeve top NASA
oh I actually can't I can't even do it
right now this is just not all the time
faith believe it's still not I literally
just love this like more material
detailing here is just gorgeous all on
the arms down these things I wore this
like I mentioned go to the gym the other
day and I just have the best workout I
felt amazing I couldn't stop looking
yeah engine and this is just an absolute
staple water piece that you can just
pair this with pretty much like any
sports wear a long-sleeved top jumper
hoodie could just like tour anything
over this and it's just so nice and so
different like hunting anything like
this from any other brand so nice I
really like the boom and how this has
been in the wash as well and it's kept
its shape completely and I was like
doing all sorts in their gym the other
day
it is completely Scott Scott even from
that angle
completely my absolute favorite no camel
toe nothing and it's just amazing on the
waist I love the neckline the arms
literally obsessed absolute favorite
thank you so much for watching this
video I really hope you enjoyed it and
if you did don't forget to hit the
subscribe button and like author if
you're not already following me on my
Instagram I'm also really active it my
handle is down below bribe and I'll see
you guys in the next video